Search really come on that a lot of e-commerce Web site have a built on Raheel that is cleaner or empty
their car.
And then I show you how to simulate what Andre something really simple.
And what when I click it on simple hooks and on the bottom we have these are there buttons you can see
that we have these combers actions.
Why don't I copy these.
Cook and we're going up in the fashion that BHB site display on to live.
They got
another function where they're going to call these when we got our back.
Empty.
Got a and what going to have this action
Commander Scott action saying what are going to Kabui these in-phase right here.
So here we're going to print and they boot onto clear.
They got it.
So I'm gonna close BHB and up in BHB again so we can add some issue.
And I when I have an anchor in I'm going to add a class fears when at last the class is going to be
built troops who are in this class.
But aren't we willing carry these.
And then the we really carried this style in for the buten the Wooten's that we have here.
So this is a glider resupply.
And Kiran daj Rev I'm going to ask this question mark and we're going to have mt
equals two through and Grace I'm going to out empty.
Got it sameas and relo these so you can see we have mt got right here.
If you click here nothing is going to change because you can see when the up empty car right here.
But you can see the contents out of there when it will ride the function that will read this empty Garforth
at the top.
So what I would write another fire engine would not function.
And we're going to call this one and that's bad in this case I'm going I've got to ask but I'm thicker
than and in this case I'm going at these right here.
So this is going to be the fashion that we actually believe.
Got one of the live action in this case.
I'm going to use a need.
So we have access to some variables that we having newcomers.
And then what happens he says the second argument of the function and what we're going to use if you
said.
So you can see here on the dub we've had these empty empty Gartrell.
So we're checking that this actually sees.
So what if you set in what are going to use get empty in case that these.
We're going to have global commerce.
So using global commerce you have access to for example Scott and we're going to use commerce.
And here we have come out and we cover our special metals call empty.
Got to clear the Scott.
So we make that so let's remove these some of these hands on you were right that got you can see the
contents right here and we have these empty cart we can appreciate an empty cart Megan we have empty
carry is through.
And you can see your card is currently empty.
So the way with this simple code you're going to have an empty cart.
Bottom.